 according to statistics, the 467 people have to pay tax pays for the possession of property.
 it was not relevant to the convention into or into state legislation, which is consistent with the provisions of article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance performance in the 1 quarter of 1993 was good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted the proposal and pointed out that the candidates would be included in the recruitment of candidates following the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the phase of the 2 phase of phase is the basis for remuneration for remuneration.
 according to the progressive development of china's tourism market, there is an analysis of the price price of these attractions may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in the market stalls and street market stalls is the most peak.
 the most difficult predictions of peace-keeping are the most difficult predictions that are expected to occur at any time in the year.
 it must be taken to the country, rather than the form of instruments.
 a spokesman said a spokesman said that the occupying forces had to stay for long periods.
 some people think that this action would not be so far away from the very beginning of consultations.
 this is very useful to member states aware of the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the family planning association was a major non-governmental organization in january 1996 and has become major non-governmental organizations.
 states parties are most appropriate to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its presence in international treaties, so, and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to expand.
 therefore, it is necessary to conduct an investigation into the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who comply with the law of the united nations must be understood by the international community as a result of the council's decision and action.
 parents cannot hide their responsibility to schools and teachers.
 " now i am very pleased to see that one country, one country, has the fruits of the system.
 the representative of malaysia, on the list of speakers today, will represent malaysia on the list of speakers and other representatives of china.
 the government understands that the hoss flats must be avoided with private property market and maintain a difference between the sales target of the two.
 we explore strengthening the control of the united nations.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive shall be elected by a election committee.
 if a person may have a security power, it must at least be given due attention to the need to prevent the device.
 it has established international e-commerce network in the country and in october 1998.
 in 1996, the real growth rate of gdp growth in 1996 was 4.9 per cent to 5.0%.
 after the first visit to visit china for the first time, the chief executive will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile expressed the strongest protest against the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that military customs and transport costs were not in principle compensable.
 the appointment of the appointment should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional group of regional groups.
 there is no basis for the government of the republic of belarus, and in the regular budget, the government of the republic of belarus brought the government of the republic of belarus to this organization.
 india was attended by a member of the world trade organization group on disputes between india and the united states for the transitional period.
 the warmth of the grandmother's grandmother's grandmother's grandmother.
 however, the committee points out that there is no benefit from the country.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of an education system and the establishment of the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that the use of internet payment should be registered to the banks.
 he thanked the marine department and other interested parties to assist in the construction of the marine department's bases and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there were a number of preconditions which require political parties to a number of preconditions.
 there are no 8.30 tropical cyclone warning on the 8.
 it is regrettable that the draft preparation for the conference was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea, which is regrettable.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are really hopeful to resolve them.
 the official language of the conference includes english, russian, french, french and spanish, this year also included romanian language.
 in relation to transactions in conjunction with local transactions, hong kong has made a total of 16 per cent of the respective shares of local financial institutions and local non-residential clients.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singleton hostels in a number of bedspace apartments.
 it is crucial to seek to achieve results, and that relationship to multilateral cooperation will be feasible.
 the culprit then was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed for the relief of the humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already made an appeal to the prosecution of the court, so that the chamber was delivered to france.
 the slowdown in economic progress and the economic slowdown in the economy has led to a deep concern for economic progress and the protection of social stability.
 one week is one, seven days.
 our socialist countries, through the united nations, has entered the world and the interaction with each other.
 3, special emphasis on local, enterprise and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play an essential role in ensuring the development efforts of the ict to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 he said: " i don't know the law, " he said.
 (15) in the words and minds, there is an international perspective.
 the terrorist attacks on 11 september have happened 2 months.
 officials of the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture expressed that china's anti-control measures have been quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces in peace-keeping forces can prevent the wrongful calculation of the conflict.
 at this juncture, however, it must be clear that there must be clear confirmation and recognition of its enemy.
 i am very much hope that the executive authorities can make more rationale with different voices from different voices.
 a spokesman for the representative of a spokesman expressed the african group to pay tribute to the efforts made by unifem.
 the chinese government intends to launch a final plan in early next year, with the establishment of 13 coal " base " in the country.
 in the past, the ancient towns of the ancient keung river wave rises in the city of keelung river, and we move forward to modern road.
 as part of the day-to-day exercise, the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit card business in accordance with the credit card.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the state or government or by the state or government or issued by the member states.
 on the contents of the publications, a wide-ranging report on the development of social and economic spheres have been reported in detail.
 the vast majority of member states have demonstrated their tendency to increase both the permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can be selected after the issue of special stamps issued within six months after the issue of special stamps issued by customers.
 mr joseph deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph lai, and the education department's officials are invited to visit the secretary for the visit.
 in 1971, he was founded in the community's conviction that the " non-profit-making consortium acted in 1971.
 it is not easy to ascertain the impact of the judges and election activities of the judges.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific in the south pacific were intended to resume the nuclear tests in france.
 the graduation age is 15 for 9 months.
 fee fee is $ 20 each. "
 in many cases, the bulldozers have gone out of home, many in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i went to belgium to contact the relevant people in europe.
 at present, a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, and peace in the maintenance and implementation of the concept of peace and implementation occur rapidly.
 such enquiries can be found in favour of the real responsibility for the harm caused by space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the joint president.
 the committee affirms the need for the nation-building process to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference on disarmament urged urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 the israeli army was damaged and the israeli army was hit by the israeli army.
 the structure of the writing structure is more closely and concise, and the content of the content is even greater.
 this sustained high prices, not only the people of the public, but also a high priority for government departments and experts.
 he did not speak to a halt, and take into account the hearts of the heart.
 we do not have the valuable advice of scholars who have professional knowledge of the political and professional knowledge of their professional knowledge.
 the saying goes, " the saying goes ".
 it is expected that the major national party's party is expected to speed up the new millennium democratic party.
 the day before the precursor, the preceptions of the pavils, is a retrogression of the " 2 roster ".
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's tourism industry is optimistic.
 most of the most common dimension jurisdictions are navigation and the exclusive economic zone is the exclusive economic zone in the area.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan formally elected the director-general of the world, who became the first director-general of the united nations in the united nations.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international convention, the provisions of the international court of extradition concerning extradition of extradition is under way.
 the universal declaration of universal declaration of universal universal declaration of human rights in the country of 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution of the constitution of slovenia, in particular to safeguard the human rights of women.
 er, on the basis of this, there is no black row in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the historic process of a historical process, and the process is beginning to begin two years ago, as well as in most serious political difficulties.
 following the publication of the government's gazette on the internet, the number of browss web pages increased from 6 to november.
 there were no such circumstances in the case of the commission, or in the case of the present case.
 the state party may wish to deal with this category in the near future.
 the work of the nuclear-testing committee of the nuclear disarmament needs to be depends on the capacity of its members and the commission.
 the letter of authorisation of registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, and the working group and the travel service will be conducted in september 2002.
 however, as members are aware, we are not saying that " the volume of " is not important.
 the country was generally felt that the international community had no action to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the user requirements is to assess the destruction of floods and infrastructures.
 therefore, the government's 1 step to promote the two exchanges of hong kong's two exchanges and clearing progress will be taken into account.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must be assisted in implementing the decision-building measures in september and october.
 the preceding sentences of the preceding sentences are the minimum and maximum limits of penalties and the maximum limits of the sentence.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by the bullet.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for analysing care, the applicants are generally divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of hiv transmission.
 as an example of an e-technology system, an example is a modernized modern era.
 this would enable it to ensure that peace and harmony are co-existed and jointly promote the development of different peoples and cultures.
 in terms of food prices, i am not sure that the business of the business community can do something in china.
 this will not only strengthen its ability to produce film production in asia, " the spokesman added.
 i think that all people will understand, and we truly celebrate the council's membership.
 in terms of good health, the symptoms are mainly due to a minor relatively minor diregions.
 with regard to the work of the united nations agencies concerned, the coordination of relevant issues related to the relevant issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of the " product " products ", parents can be much better suited.
 if once again, the consequences of the repetition is certainly very serious.
 they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing before the entry into force of the ctbt is essential.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that the hong kong residents have travel and freedom of movement.
 it is also of the view that this might create a precedent, leading to all types of vessels that have been issued.
 right.
 as the government knows about the problem, the government would never have a legal opinion, but the government will never let us know.
 at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises listed in hong kong were listed in hong kong.
 so far, air and land-based assets have been delivered to go gomas and land for more than 30 tons of aid.
 the board expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies for the implementation of drugs in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women reflected in the work of the work.
 on the other hand, it is impossible to engage in trade in egypt prior to the opening up of the 1994 border.
 madam president, the processions and assemblys are not a small group of people's right and not always politically.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the interview.
 recently, the private sector and foundations have increased significantly in the interest of the united nations at a global level.
 there are no other views <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>.
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, which is one of the israelis, and another one is to the residents.
 as time has been limited, i have not been able to do so.
 the recent developments in the united kingdom recently does not seem to contribute to the early settlement of this problem.
 some of the models include the development of a vertical models of sanctional models and speculated models.
 9 percentage points of growth were derived from currency exchange rates.
 typically illicit arms transactions are carried out in places of administrative facilities in the import and export of arms.
 switzerland has not tolerated the financial system of switzerland and the future of the financial system, which will not be tolerated in the future.
 most of the job vacancies will be applied for a diplomat or degree of graduates from $ 8000 to monthly monthly salary.
 details of the works in the 3 quarter of 1999 are shown in schedules.
 details of the functions of the commission's functions of the commission are invited to see the " financial and capital markets commission ".
 it is hoped that the near future in the near future was also broadcast on national television stations.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a significant complement to the official activities of the commonwealth commonwealth.
 in the view of the chinese delegation, international nuclear disarmament efforts, the current international nuclear disarmament effort, is going to be at the cross-section of the 10 characters.
 so, because mr leung has a lot of time, it is so much better and so that i support it.
 observers for the indians, africa and the american association of america considered that the non-discriminant population is a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey on an annual basis for the work of the university of graduates in the next three years.
 we are not clear about the chinese version of the chinese version of the chinese language.
 the mission was held on 21 and 22 may 2001, in new york, on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law developed these parties (e.e. signatures, dependency on party and certification services) of the model law.
 it is therefore expected that there will be a low level of gap between capacity-building at the national programme.
 the commission will consider the subject of a gender perspective.
 " the hksarg enthusiastic support from the mainland as soon as possible to join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, a telephone number of 5300 populations in south africa, for example, only a telephone of 5300.
 the media must respect the dignity and identity of the personnel and institutions of the organization.
 the israeli authorities closed a number of days close to egypt between the gaza strip and egypt, for each of a number of days.
 as a result of the speedy speeding up, the cost of transport has reduced the cost of transport, and all departments have benefited from all sectors.
 there is a paniciency of fanjans or alike.
 6. 2. 2. 2 is the development of knowledge, technical and technical ability to develop talent.
 in doing things, she wonders what could be done, such as listening to radio, television, reading, writers, singing and piano and piano.
 it is indeed very difficult to talk about the influence of taiwan's children.
 a higher value of compensation can be obtained at a higher value level.
 in fact, the secretary for housing has asked me to explain that there was no relationship with the reconstruction zone.
 an advisory group was entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage consultants to encourage consultants to open, transparent and transparent manner.
 i have no choice but to hear such reports.
 (a) interested companies are interested in renting applications for the cyberport.
 as a movie, hou hsiao-yen street, yang t'i-chang's love, " says yang chang-chang. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, director of health, said that some four years later could be reached.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of whom are management posts.
 the court considers that the purchase of the purchase price is not the obligation of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association in the region should be held with the arab league commission on human rights in the region.
 a recorded document of the 50 session of the sponsors of the draft resolution will be created by the sponsors of the draft resolution.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 this year, the sfc's recent commitment to the financial centre of the sfc will report on this year's position in hong kong.
 the conference was held that the mandate of the elections is the privilege of the general assembly, not the privilege of the security council.
 tourists can also look back into the eyes of the modern civilization.
 we have set a long-term goal to bring hong kong into the region as a whole.
 at the dinner meeting, the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-fen, and the management committee of the fund will be distributed to all senior citizens.
 mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police constable " to express their consent.
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 as regards the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out his arguments.
 in shanghai, shanghai <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> exporters, zhejiang province, fujian province and the above are similar.
 the hong kong shipping company's fishing industry has to be able to make a commercial decision on the mainland's domestic industry.
 it would help the government and people of sierra leone in the wake of the civil war following the civil war in 1988.
 according to he said, history was historically historical.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has demonstrated the role of states in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider broadening the terms of terms of reference to all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without this impetus, and international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to work to reduce tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica said that the delegation had always been very active in carrying out their duties.
 it is proud that israel is proud of the age-old tradition of the entire world.
 <unk> the director of information services, dr choi chung, will be the director of information services from the department of information services.
 the dancers of the dancers are filled with fresh flowers of gods.
 the situation in the united nations social sphere is the most worrying.
 as a result, then the child has been sent again to the doctor. the child has already infected children.
 questionnaires have been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beauty of the twk's yee-american, let's look at the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3 3 parties and peace-building, peace-building, so as to no longer war.
 tai po tai po garden today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of kosovo should not be allowed to leave the past, and should be encouraged to look at the next day.
 we must not forget that all public money will definitely be wasteful.
 on the contrary, the local university degree, the local university degree, will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the public to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent promptly to the other prosecutors or by the person.
 qin jin said that soong arrived at the 1 station on may 5, hu jintao and hu jintao met with hu jintao and hu jintao in beijing.
 the committee also provided additional information on the delegation of the delegation during its consideration of the reporting period.
 there was a major train explosion in north korea's north korean station road in north korea.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers, lawyers and journalists.
 i am afraid to make use of ways and speech to encourage the people of hong kong. i really dare not agree with them.
 however, international trafficking in human beings also cover other areas, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a member of the church, but i often hear religions.
 therefore, in the past, i am afraid that only the chinese government will only be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council, " the spokesman said.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 in fact, we have already been able to implement some of its provisions, in particular regarding mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america is 12 percent annually.
 the unemployment rate was reduced to 19.3 million and the first time for four years for the first time.
 the financial year 2004, the united states and the export bank for the united states totalled $ 17800000000 for export products in the world.
 the two informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering legal action to take legal action on the issue of pollution of the elderly by the government.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts, 18 posts are proposed to support costs and 18 posts for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 road " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, a double-edged sword.
 in addition, the transport department has increased the daily inspections of the bus service at the checkpoint, which is from eight to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only the constitution of the constitution, but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the attention of the council to the situation in the central african republic.
 if he wished to take place at the site, the venue was 2105 rooms.
 the records of the records shall be subject to 3 years after the end of the last year.
 a total of 2200000000 people have been reduced.
 a large number of bangkok people are ready to be prepared in the world's wto.
 we fully support the secretary-generals statement made by the representatives of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis are available for taxis in the urban area, and <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 the united nations transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure between sovereign states of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline the prospects for the slow-down and business prospects of the economy.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such penalties are applied only to not the czech republic of the czech republic, but did not receive the status of refugees.
 when i went to the children, i am very much aware that i am very serious.
 the committee also participated in the international seminar.
 how to gender differences and inequality in the process affects the accumulation of the risk of the cumulative process of risk.
 according to the conservativeer engineering center and environmental protection agency, these technologies can reach a total of $ 400000000.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of the labour advisory board (lab) for the appointment of the labour advisory committee (lab) for two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in the east asian region, the financial surplus of the east asian region should be strengthened, " the spokesman added.
 the swd has contacted the family members of the family and provides psychological counselling.
 the maximum cost of accommodation is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategic change in the post-cold-war era.
 there was some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps of west timor camps.
 almost all these persons have been exhausted.
 there was also a consensus that all foreign troops, in particular, have been invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, salary pays, training and management of the police were also applied to prison staff.
 " the inspection was also found to be sufficient to cover traffic, public utility facilities and other items, " the spokesman added.
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or be reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department's home affairs department and the second floor have been such as premises.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of the 1 round.
 i wish hong kong will always be alight of sunshine.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries have been the main driving force of economic development.
 we therefore need to stress the obligation of nuclear powers to the obligation of nuclear powers to the end of the comprehensive test-ban treaty.
 by contrast, the united states largest internet services in the united states only remained at the rate of time.
 since the opening up of the reform, small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have made significant contributions to the strategic objectives of the community.
 in my country, because the weather warming and the championship will be long time, two or 60 cents will be able to provide for a long time.
 i hope that in today's meeting, the secretary-general of the secretary-general of the secretary-general was able to get the face of this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision in the provision of the guardianship of the guardianship of the guardianship of the appointment.
 for example, the conference agreed on the basis of a uniform document for national citizens in the region of the region.
 in the light of the saying that it is hard to say, you can really friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers work unemployment, employment and change.
 " even if there is no access to taiwan. "
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, there has been a significant increase in the average inflation rate last year.
 this is no longer going to allow for graduates of hong kong in mainland china and taiwan's veterinary college in hong kong.
 the current age of the greek cypriot present is 66 years old.
 the same projections of high-level company's economic experts on the weekend was also raised.
 it would also allow greater public knowledge of cultural diversity and the merits of such diversity as well as their interest in the maintenance of such diversity.
 for the many part of the number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the quota for the loan.
 the seizure of assets was carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure of the code of criminal procedure.
 in this connection, it is the only way for the students to death by the students.
 the provision of basic medical supplies for the agency-care facilities was provided with the provision of basic medical medical facilities in unrwa.
 the soil change is not just a redistribution of land.
 on this subject, the meeting was attempting to remind people that one of the more than 20 minutes by anti-personnel mines are killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 when it comes to the neighbouring island, there were some handic products that could be purchased in the vicinity of the territory.
 motorists are advised to contact the traffic signs and compliance by police officers at the scene.
 in some cases, it was surprising that the legal adviser had previously been repredicated because of the lack of proper conduct of defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of enlargement of the existing social security system in the existing social security system.
 amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> quoting capacity for their lives, work and normal lives.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries, decreased.
 after the implementation of this scheme, many honourable colleagues are expected to take the first time for lifelong learning.
 he said that, after his father filed a written complaint, officials from the ministry of the interior were said to have visited him.
 other members of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity of the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities for low-skilled employment.
 the project indicates that small-scale funding approaches are based on the previous policy experiences and performance of the credit subsidy.
 mrs miriam lau said that it is the " youth charter " of the youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to defrauding the woman.
 they should formulate money, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq's war.
 the genuine development concept should contain full respect for all universal universally recognized human rights.
 state practice has shown that the duration of the length of the right of the person concerned has a great difference in the time.
 the islamic state of afghanistan fervently looked forward to the consideration of the previous agenda of the previous agenda.
 the realization of a large number of countries living in poverty reduction, although asian economic crisis had caused a setback in the poor.
 as a result, a number of funds are not available in the countries of the capital.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be committed to achieving the goal of many generations to come together with each other.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 as a result, the veterinnists also inspected the chickens of the chickens and confirmed that all chickens were infected with avian flu.
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions surveyed by the secretariat to verify self-sustaining rates.
 if we are to solve the floods in the northwest new territories, it is necessary to implement the shenzhen river administration.
 the law and ethics are often leading to drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen ching-kuen, who is the 1 work of the emperor's work, he went to the wall.
 the one-way navigation between the two places will be reduced to 40 minutes by about 40 minutes.
 the report of the report to the economic deterioration of the economic situation of the palestinian territories is well-known.
 <unk> no substantial cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were killed and 38 individuals were burned to death.
 the working group with international human rights services, in conjunction with international human rights services, was addressed by the working group on these issues.
 the 28 immigration officers conducted by the immigration department and 13 police officers were raided in sham shui po.
 accordingly, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the possibility of change in the control of such changes.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in countries with economies in transition, was important in particular in the developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 persons were alleged to be killed by the communist party of the police.
 pursuant to paragraph 22 of a law, a person convicted of the terrorist activities under existing legislation will be vested in accordance with the existing legislation.
 mr president, after the closing of the rubbish landfill landfills next year, the problem will be thoroughly resolved next year.
 more than 200 million children were killed in armed conflicts in armed conflict, and over 600 million have left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this gives an enormous help to develop eco-tourism. "
 basically, this is the tangible responsibility of the government in the north-west area.
 if the residential care fails to make improvements or effect, the department will be issued a warning letter.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concerned.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract with the kinmen construction company limited to $ 680000000 later this month.
 i have to check hong kong's laws in hong kong.
 thirdly, non-traditional cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 between june and august this year, the number of major sectors of the major sectors of the major industry sector remained stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota for the people with people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is active in the drafting of an international convention on the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the work of the " factory and industrial undertakings (working noise) regulations will be implemented effectively.
 it is not the result of this letter to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contained the right framework in east timor in the future of east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number and relative number of people in the world are growing.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this regard, " the spokesman said.
 the state party argues that it should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of conflict in the darfurer conflict is a separate dispute caused by cattle in the area of crops and crops.
 the amendment will be reserved for the development of community facilities for the development of fire services and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but to escape from liberia.
 the details of the study will also provide support for the improvement of language skills for the upgrading of language skills.
 on the top of the bones, the bones of cold winds and from time to time from time to time.
 in fact, on the jurisdiction of the garrison law, the proposal of the garrison law and the current british army is almost similar.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up the resources centre is not to encourage self-sufficiency.
 the chairman of the joint conference would be very useful and will take follow-up actions to take follow-up actions.
 furthermore, we will be prepared to prepare for the review of district boards on the review of district boards.
 vehicles located at 1 avenue, located on 1 avenue, is limited to the permanent representative of the permanent representative of the secretariat.
 with the relocation of the village, the villagers were able to take three years of green trees and some 320000 trees for three years.
 the institute of land reform institute has been established as a result of the implementation of the peace agreement, which was established as a result of the land transfer project.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who is the case to contact the police station is urged to contact the mong kok police station at 2398 6299.
 in 1997, the institute designated a formal monitoring body in order to implement improvements in quality and improving productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to concentrate on two three issues that i would concentrate on two three issues.
 to this end, attach importance to education, increasing the necessary means and avenues for the developing countries to promote social development and practices.
 ruf is not the arm of the army, and it is certainly not to be the commander of the army.
 the field of assets control system is aimed at providing a series of auditing liability for united nations assets.
 but it is not possible.
 for security reasons, and in order to protect the environment, these substances must be untrue, non-exploded, without a senseless and unpromedable.
 the offence of treason is already in the common law system in the common law system.
 worse still, it appears that the threat of the threat of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in many of the brains.
 in the village of the village, the village was going to go away.
 the armed conflict in darfur region began last february in february last year.
 the rights of serious discrimination is the international protection, particularly respect for human rights, and in particular respect for the plural system.
 the procedure is confidential, according to the rules, in accordance with relevant rules, any document or addresses shall not be allowed.
 however, with the gradual recovery of the economy, i believe that the ranks of hong kong will pick up in the future.
 as a choice, the choice of whether or not a contract has been contracted.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to retinct.
 at that time, governor patten is busy in the preparation of the conservative party's elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed to 16 november 2001 sydney, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one accused had been sent to the court.
 to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children's lives, is always sad and sad to extend to national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 were seized in the operation seized during the operation.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been set up in the buildings of the buildings department and are distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations ' corporations.
 they believed to be a high level of science and technology.
 while member states requested to strengthen their field offices, progress was being hampered by the lack of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was explosion in the vicinity of the city of mahaniyah in the city of city.
 senior officials at the session of the session of senior officials and personal envoys will be sent to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest maps of the latest map and the new receives were transmitted to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides a programme of 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, and not gender discrimination.
 however, demining activities in the united nations and other united nations bodies and other united nations bodies have been engaged in demining activities.
 the royal kingdom of cambodia's government has provided legal protection to cambodians <unk> aids, and protect the human rights of these persons.
 as a result, once again, i would like to see once again the housing department's question.
 the drop-out rate of secondary schools is still higher than boys, secondary and university at secondary and university.
 anti-smus and breeding of both sides of the bian and two sides have broken down.
 there is no difficulty in establishing and access to such private schools.
 it was never felt that her decision had changed her decision.
 if it has accumulated over 8 minutes, the warning letters will be sent to the transport department.
 that is, in the hands of the united states, er, the er, the er, er, er, er, er, the us.
 president of the environment, the president of the world bank and the president of the world bank.
 if senior officials are interested in investment, they do not think so as to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in international regimes over the past decade, in particular, of globalization and new technologies.
 such a thing cannot be said.
 it has been proposed to abolish the cuban trade quota in the united states market.
 however, in the longer the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the 2 day must also be brought to the gendarmerie.
 mr lo is a modern statement to modernize the trademark legislation.
 the more people voted to vote, and, of course, the 1 leg of the legislative council.
 a far- 400 km ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ball
 if he is not enough, he will be able to break the rest of the rest.
 this practice is a very clear approach of administration.
 in december 1963, the armed attack on the turkish cypriot community was a ethnic cleansing campaign.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that, in addition, should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the court hearing, " the spokesman said.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the delegation of the delegation of his constructive contribution to the work of the subject.
 no people went to him to him.
 with regard to the elimination of marriages, she asked whether it had not been possible to identify the cause of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the commission members and special adviser to the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the banking sector.
 the message is therefore encouraged to take part in the activities of non-governmental organizations and other important bodies to participate in all levels of activities at all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of the government had been carried out by external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " the accomplishments of this achievement have been made by the past and existing every colleague of my colleagues. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the standard of living and improvement of the child's living standards and improvement services, parents have to pay certain costs.
 however, further efforts should be made to make further efforts to promote the results of the publicity work in the state authorities.
 it is not possible to allow those responsible to support the implementation of those criminals in other ways.
 in july this year, a security guard was seen in sha tin and see a security guard of the two burgs.
 the council considers that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the market can only take care of him or contact with the customers.
 article 54 of the constitution states that the territory of the republic of the republic shall abide by the same protection in the same protection.
 the member states of the european union have been able to ensure that the legality of the legality of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp on the pfp that the pfp is a press conference in a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of " limiting anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the developed countries in the region is still under constant weakness.
 other people, such as their own messages, are not useless.
 it will also be used to be able to sell at a hypertension, as a result of the dismissal and absourging of the car.
 but in the near future of taiwan's taiwan province, he spent six years old people's ability to cultivate the fish culture in the near future.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic multicultural, multicultural and multi-religious society.
 the hkma will carry out regulatory functions and standards in accordance with the supervision and criteria of the sfc.
 the return of the star dust is the first time for the return of stars.
 we would like to see the true universality of the university of peace in the peaceful university of peace.
 population estimates are projected to predictions and projections, as well as the planning and research of private and commercial organizations.
 more than ten years ago, the chinese school was invited to attend the chinese new year holiday.
 the united states government acknowledges that the cuban diplomatic bank accounts should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the rule of law ruled that, as a category of instruments, the payment was paid for a compulsory rule.
 during the competition, students have to cope with the accident, such as power out power supply, networking, interrupted and passions, equipment being stolen.
 we are considering the views of the industry to implement proposals.
 a staff member also visited undcp and china field offices in thailand and in china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the company's concealment and one of the problems with one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people's name will be avoided.
 staff members of the department of health have provided health education and disinfection to their residence.
 i now have a great concern to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in my country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also submitted that the high commissioner should take his initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations on the implementation of the recommendations.
 in their efforts to make the necessary action, we refuse to leave the eyes to a single aspect.
 we are continuing to follow the process of the question of palestine in the settlement of the middle east question.
 if members of the council agree that, i would do so.
 these include a weakening of the concept of sovereign concepts, including a weakening of the concept of sovereignty, and has been subjected to technological advances.
 the maintenance of the world security and peace cannot be pursued without the development efforts of the international community.
 a number of local state of emergency was renewed on 15 december in lima state.
 following the occupation of maz-ar-e-sharif, the authorities began to transfer the prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is very timely, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's policy to adopt an open standard software product as far as possible.
 in addition, there were 106 private care centres in the centre and 106 of the private sector centres.
 after this incident, the two sides have taken military action, but the front line did not change.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new interesting games, and the children's hand-involunted for children's work.
 however, there will be immediate danger to the relevant departments and departments to take immediate action.
 the expert can draw up new images from the commissions database and the most recent image (with some 15000).
 the estimate contains 10 per cent vacancy factor for local staff.
 the use of natural gas to natural gas to natural gas has also been reduced to natural gas, nitro and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large establishments are divided into 100 or more employment units.
 in accordance with article 23, paragraph 2, of the penal code, the penalty is lower than applicable to the maximum limits of the offence of crime.
 the general assembly had recently adopted resolution 568282, from the list of non-self-governing territories from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, mr. kings hassan ii died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda operations of the rwanda operation of the other 5 suspects.
 of the total, 63 were carried out by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 consists of swds.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spanish special concerns.
 the cartage of carving is unauthorised.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes ") applications are inadequate.
 8 days after the day, the united states isna with the sungyang.
 more than 2000 pots of african violets will be displayed at the hong kong park in the easter holidays during the easter holidays.
 the survey will provide a reliable, updated information on the entire territory of the entire territory, in particular the level of poverty.
 one of the hot spots of plays concern is sonyny corporation which is sonyny corporation which is launched this year.
 in 1993, in 1993, the abolition of the death penalty is a major trend in the world for human rights.
 it is also known to know how to go to vomis, and others are very effective.
 15 catholics and international charitables, as well as his many staff, are said to have been executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that legislation in 1999.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, the secretary for foreign affairs, was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote address at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the french association.
 should take into account the interests of each other, the international community can be shared by the international community.
 the ministry of finance was submitted on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market.
 mr lau ping-cheung's honourable lau's honourable lau's honourable lau's honourable lau's honourable lau's honourable colleagues have just been informed <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the legal basis for the proposal of the proposal could be found in article 10 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it must begin to collect data on its stockpiling and production of historical records.
 it is also important to note that the data contained in these tables are all undp-related.
 i remember, however, that some people used to have a lot of words, such as " both interests ".
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but it will not be opposed to the opening of the departure tax.
 as stipulated in the contract, the transport <unk> transport services must be agreed upon by all those who have to be agreed upon.
 the angolan armed forces also took place in the southern part of the province, and continues to continue the attack in the south-east of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to extend the industrial sector to prove to be affected by the labour shortage.
 they adopted germany's seat belts, speed speed up the cost of $ 80000000000.
 the court received an embroidery screen at the end of 2001.
 such tasks are still subject to divisional considerations and approvals of specific situations.
 police will take special traffic arrangements in hong kong on january 6, so that the public will be held on january 6.
 private universities also give relief to tuition fees under the economic situation.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, will be indispensable for further development.
 his grief is extremely strong, stiffing, and he was able to grasp the hearts of his heart.
 some of the police officers have a video recording of the perpetrators.
 although those who were uncompleted in pharmaceutical products in medicine, the quality of medicine was sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state to ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel continues to give up the tunnel open to the west of al-qaqsa mosque in the west of al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival this year's spring festival, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out a replenishment adjustment to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right of the demonstration, it can be said that we should not let us be complacent.
 the motor vehicles immediately stopped the scene along sha tau kok street to flee the scene.
 although the evidence is contained in the case, they are still defending themselves.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolistic characters.
 but it is not appropriate, however, that the institutions of various institutions and missions are not appropriate, and they are not appropriate, " the spokesman added.
 i believe that not only the impact of today will affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment has been exhausted, and even the words " all of the words " are referred to in development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the forces of the army, as it is the army, as the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this caused a decline in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea to the east.
 i believe that this week of this week is very important in this week to show our common demise of this international health.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general and his appreciation for and appreciation for his report today.
 we need to implement this international responsibility, " the spokesman added.
 argentina, for decades of political instability, has been made to rebuild democracy after decades of political instability.
 in the western gates, only her many legends have a lot of legends.
 we are very well aware of the fact that we are very well known as well.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans work.
 in history there is no other children in history.
 " we 're the entire continent as a whole of our entire continent and the people's minds, " the spokesman said.
 as the chairman of the new advisory committee, i set up a good foundation on the basis of a good foundation on a good basis.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to have become a means of imposing penalties for the implementation of the imposition of impunity.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures were very low in recent years, seizures of 913 kg of cocaine in recent years.
 accordingly, pakistan supports the proposal of the mexican government to consider the request of the united nations to consider the additional budget of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (cd) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he then was then taken away by a police a police vehicle. he was once a police a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be made in the context of more effective and substantive approaches to the protection of nature.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to be more clearly defined as the user and evaluation of its work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement was less than my short, but i may have to be much more than him.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of the international forum for dealing with the issue of terrorism.
 the 11 circuit court of appeal in the united states of america has been overthrowing the court of appeal to the court.
 as regards this point, the 30000 displaced persons in equatories in the southern equator area of equatoria and northern kaga province were un assistance in this year.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international organizations have had to leave the city.
 " in the light of the present economic situation, we urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing pre-employment training courses, " the spokesman said.
 at most, i can only say that the government is simply not to say that the government is just out of his own.
 the current budget of the operation is a total of $ 40 per year.
 the amount of 10 per cent payable in the amount of 10 per cent of non-requainable value was established to offset the floating of the exchange rate.
 the president of the presidency and the general assembly are unanimous.
 the ministerial meeting of the world trade ministerial will be convened in seattle.
 tianiano said that the 1 problem in the language of students, university graduates and professions should be able to achieve basic capabilities ".
 therefore, if so-called unanimous and more dismission of the so-called unanimous and more multi-faceted expressions, are not in mind.
 regular regularly receives and handling the images of 30-6-6-6-6-6 and 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board or the secretary of the town planning board.
 as regards the substance of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favoured.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador has risen to more than 2<unk>3 and more than 2<unk>3 of colombia.
 the most recent example is that in shaving the integrity of the country parks, which relates to the integrity of country parks.
 it is envisaged that the contents of the project will be contained in article 11 of the procurement model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of the hong kong institute of hong kong institute of hong kong institute of surveyors will be a workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 adolescent teenagers in the operation was released on bail pending further investigation.
 it is all possible to inform the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress at the moment.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose the non-governmental organizations, they provide what information and committee how to use such information.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i have proposed this motion debated on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general of the director-general to promote strengthening the policy of the field, but where financial contributions or in-kind contributions should be provided.
 however, the 15 different countries of different countries were wearing oil.
 in accordance with international treaties, legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty provided legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000, or at least one of them can return to their homes.
 one point should be imposed on the list of states that the victim continues to be a shorter and direct victim to the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the motion moved by mr lee cheuk-yan.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline was also observed in the construction industry, and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, a number of restrictions on the costs and expenditure of lawyers are provided in the context of budgetary constraints.
 it is an exception that must be imposed on an exception.
 however, for each time the weekends, for the next class, the parents are filled with their parents, and traffic is also blocked.
 one another thing that banks do not want to take place is the government's direction to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call 24603 399<unk> reservation: 27734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can play a unit to study.
 the provisions of article 190 to 201 of the georgian criminal code of georgia ( banking accounts) are detailed in detail.
 " we have also considered the need to expand and traffic, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grieved dictatorships of the continent.
 we do not agree with the adoption of pressure practices in the fight against the nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what you have to join.
 he was later released a few days later.
 investigations by traffic accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to halt the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, reference to the international system should be considered by the international system to be considered by reference to the international system.
 1970-1975 embassy of the soviet embassy of the soviet embassy in italy.
 the legal code of ethics in conflict areas should be enacted in the context of the legitimate activities of the conflict.
 the preconditions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is positive.
 all on these occasions, the spokesman added.
 during the same period, the number of births born in hong kong during the same period of the same period was 55000.
 it is, however, given that this issue has been given to the fact that it has been dealt with in the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong's future talks, chinese people will be able to do so. "
 over any other group, they need the attention of family, social and government's attention and care.
 according to reports, food-borne food was reported to be food-borne food, and the food-forested food renaissance.
 with regard to the choice of children's name, luxembourg has made reservations to the convention.
 they also agreed and agreed to have to be prevented from entering into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry to listen to their views.
 i would like to think about a small boy.
 ni kuang's talk about women.
 the overall plan is to assist girls and women in self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterates that the management authorities and palau are determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the ccp, the secretary-general of the chinese communist party, sent the revolutionary riot to the revolutionary riots.
 during the promotion of the farms, there are staffing with oceans and flowers, with the farmer to meet with farms.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum, but not so far.
 in this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the entirety of iraq's entirety.
 the special rapporteur was visiting rwanda.
 the persons who have lost their lives are lost.
 the main reason for unencumbered balance was mainly due to the termination of the programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor country, we will continue to contribute to the direct contributions of the palestinians.
 in the field of research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing satellites.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region are entitled to elect and elected power.
 a total of $ 216000 during the reporting period received $ 216000 during the reporting period of $ 216000 during the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, the international organization and the united nations itself to continue providing assistance to my country.
 we want to persuade friends to understand their own insufficient and honest face.
 several months later, this storm has also gone up with a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, like the landscapes of the landscape, it was closed yesterday.
 after the protest was held, some of the people's emotions were emotionally moved, and the police used a high-colling people.
 a programme of work for the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i believe that the most important thing is to respect the civil servants, let them go to the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses concern about the change in the system of pensions in the pension system, and the impact on women's impact on women.
 (c) the office of the force commander: because of the sensitive information of the office of the office, the reduction of the two local level posts.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the growth of the world economy and the expectations of international trade.
 the community development division and the family support division of the family development division, which has been launched, nationals, exhibition and similar activities.
 gizmon global market, vice president of gizmon, said that the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be in the same position as a fair and equal attitude towards human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments are shown in their numbers and diversity.
 a similar provision is made in the annex iii of the joint declaration of the joint declaration of article 122.
 he was kicked off.
 the dollar deposits increased by 17% in november to november.
 the committee would like to know the findings of this incident.
 however, the full participation of women in society depends on the full participation of women and its legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the various committees reflected the urgency of the common concern of mankind.
 it is important to end their despair and pain.
 " we will strive to preserve all our successes in hong kong, " mr tung said.
 in the position of position, the chinese side raised a reasonable solution to this point.
 of the us$ 20000000000, only $ 12000000.
 the rental of the consumer price index (cpi) reflects the changes in the rental of households in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of such an approach shall be focused on whether the return of the original guarantees will be returned to the original guarantee.
 in his view, the preparatory work for the beijing olympic games will be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issue of employment employment in the committee on the basis of its multi-year programme of february this year.
 the economic measure is that the economy will be able to face the grave situation, which give us a general sum of assessment.
 the maternity protection ordinance in the workplace is also prohibited under the protection of maternity workers.
 the practical installation of paraguay facilities has also made significant improvements to the 2 important transport routes of the river transit corridor.
 welcome you to see.
 the financial secretary also agreed and suggests that we will be able to implement them as soon as possible.
 for the people of hong kong, the importance of the general assembly, the great importance of the art culture of art.
 in most of the countries, the population is far more fast than the population growth.
 a 45-year-old alarm at 2 pm today (friday) at 2 am today (friday) a 45-year-old man.
 in addition, it was reported that on 12 may 1994.
 the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology has been invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology.
 their disciplines are disciplined and acted as the united nations.
 all these recommendations are the public opinion of the public.
 " two separate letters, members of the public are not unduly worried, " the spokesman said.
 police appeal to members of the public who know that the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating missing persons in kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the system-wide meeting.
 in seventy-year-old him, the spirit of the 67-year-old helms and his voices are all over 100 patients.
 this matter took place in the way of immigration.
 as a matter of fact, the overall unemployment rate is several times.
 the practice of the government of industrial countries, which has already been given all heavily heavily indebted poor countries, has also been worth furthering further consideration.
 in this century, we have witnessed the great achievements of mankind and the new millennium.
 mr deputy president, mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words on this matter, and i would like to say a few words on this matter.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 2. people will be called the revolutionary revolution.
 i understand the need for the chinese government to understand the accuracy of the provisions of the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of these challenges.
 this money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to meet the growing demand for food and medicine.
 note: the donations from the chinese temples and chinese temples in 1992 were enacted after the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is known that there is sometimes difficult distinction between voluntary and compulsory recruitments.
 on the page of the first page, it was written on the japanese page on the day.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation in the rate of inflation will be over 10 per cent of the year's inflation rate.
 mr ip also mentioned that he took a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i am very glad to agree that the amendment proposed by the amendment will be proposed by the amendment.
 here, i do not need to repeat them here.
 a number of those conclusions will be addressed by the conference of the 1 session of the 1 committee.
 management systems is a complex project.
 it is also high winners, if you still have a joint venture with her friends.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs officers, the lands department, the lands department, and the planning department will work together with the oil company.
 mr. wang yingan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate and other colleagues in the council of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police have been unable to ensure that safety.
 the aim is to make a number of political choices and rights to states concerned to submit a number of political options and rights.
 enquiries on police officers, officers of the commercial crime bureau, mounted investigations into three rooms at the hotel in the hotel.
 they must be accepted by continuing professional training, whose registration <unk> authorization is required for renewal.
 in late february, parents have invited parents to participate in the uniform selection process in late february each year.
 however, these technologies are enormous.
 i also said that i was a bit heited with him.
 the contradiction between the conflict in paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3.
 the minimum age of compulsory service will be made available for the minimum age of every society.
 the view was expressed that the remuneration of the draft guide should be addressed to the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i am not repeating the arguments that i would like to repeat those who have the elderly who have elegant in their old age.
 during the absence of any other speakers, the president shall announce the debate that the debate should be closed.
 in their work, he said: " you are often able to reach a darkness, or it is the most dark. "
 i believe that the ceiling should be kept in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 the sisters of the 2 sisters are starved to starvation and the storms of storms and storms.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the quality of our service, " the spokesman said.
 it will be a major step forward, ah.
 6. the community now is now strongly supported by the adoption of a bill of rights and to establish such freedom.
 in my opinion, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it had to enter the united states and prevented them from entering the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in southeast asia will greatly slow, " the spokesman said.
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be consistent with some criteria.
 in order to reduce the outflow of funds, i think the government should more actively implement the policy relevant policy.
 in the vienna convention on the law of treaties, the vienna convention on the law of treaties addressed to the provisions of the multilateral covenant on human rights.
 myanmar has chosen democratic path: the government of myanmar is creating a genuine democratic democratic state in the oriented market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were allegedly looted, including five children.
 " we will submit to the appeal to the appeal to the appeal, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land titles is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's culture of culture is a multiplicious way in establishing the ideals for the stop stop stop stopping in hong kong. "
 in a number of countries, cross-negotiatal instruments are subject to customs regulations, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of the tax tax and an individual income tax is expected to receive tax refund in the next two weeks.
 it is, however, to overcome the sadness that it is to overcome the sadness of japan.
 the preparatory work for the 10th anniversary of the ministry of social development, welfare and social development of the ministry of social development.
 he also served as chairman of the administrative committee of the coordination committee and the chairman of the organization of coordination with the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the organization of the italian permanent mission of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth is the difference (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and the legislative council are in place.
 even if there are no public transport, no public transport, most of the streets, most of the streets, are mostly pedestrians.
 after all, they may be different from the same time.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy by the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members of the board may have to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 when i look back, i would like to say that the deputy <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>. <unk>. <unk>. <unk>
 despite a good financial results, the structural adjustment programme had not been able to meet the growth rate of gdp growth.
 right, it is a little distinction.
 if we hope that the united nations is a pivotal position, we must bring about the united nations to take a step forward.
 the financial secretary mentioned his words " the song rock " under his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works in public housing estates, and will be borne by the housing authority.
 mr applause is believed to be the last chaired by the legislative council.
 the spokesman said the " industrial accident rate and accident rate in the catering industry have dropped downward trend.
 the croatian police has also been able to carry out a regular and vehicle patrol by the croatian police.
 as regards the three " fundamental problem ", mr cheung said that it would be misunderstanding with the education department.
 the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is officially implemented, the administration will give serious consideration to all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you have been consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds " and said that it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington on a 10-minute visit to north america.
 the export of developing countries in the united states has increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit a matter of this matter.
 her husband wears a pair of shoes.
 152, despite the need to analyse data and sizes, the contents of the data are less relatively small.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market is food, the purchasing power of the population is very limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that the current 2.7 per cent rate of the current 2.7 per cent.
 the success of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be justified as a reason for the international community.
 the authorities recognize that " national security " is " national security ".
 however, at the time of the sustained growth in the hong kong economy, the surplus of the treasury has made a lot of people.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has indicated that it is not determined by the under-secretary-general for the commission.
 over the past 3 years, a large number of documents have proved to be paid for the life of the lives of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to ban nuclear explosions, but the quality of the nuclear tests, or the quality of the nuclear tests, or a new weapon system.
 they answered that they could not be able to receive him.
 it can be better than its part of its part.
 (b) there will be a full range of public holidays in the general public holidays on january 1, this year.
 the people who are misleading in the green paper are really the people who are misleading.
 in 1993, the appointment of the appointment of a member of china and a member of the council in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to the provision of cooperation in the long-term strengthening of national human rights and the infrastructure of infrastructure.
 the average working hours of this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single unification rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and the consumption of consumption.
 we must be able to use the use of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, science technology has evolved into an unprecedented scale, and the world is speeding up towards multipolarization.
 china's western art exchanges with the museum's intercontinents and the museum of the museum also began.
 it is not quite clear that, in a sense of course, i 'm not very much admired.
 i spoke in response to the response of the crisis in west africa.
 the most fundamental thing is, however, that the angolans themselves truly commit themselves to peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are little indications that there are signs of sexual drugs in fiji.
 this kind of seminar was not wasteful of national money, but everybody thought that he was not a waste of state.
 the external turtles of brazil, fukui, ch'ien-fou, has been occupied by the sea, as well as the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subject to discrimination with different salary discrimination, or women in the labour force.
 (a) its economy more than 50 per cent of the country<unk> (ii) is one of the country<unk> (ii) in general.
 today, saint lucia was 1 of the 1 time in history.
 sometimes non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this phenomenon is a product of the product of a new single system that is the product of a new single regime in other countries.
 recently, there has been a number of recent remarks that have never been transmitted by rumors in 1988.
 however, as the people of the peoples republic of china and long as long as a substantial refugee return, east timor will require sustained resources.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked, at least five people were killed and 19 injured.
 in the past few months, the police charged with human rights violations or criminal acts of the police are also reduced.
 his election was highlighted by his election, his personal qualities and his personal quality and experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is the " people-oriented industry ", no such staff will not survive.
 every 10 cms shall be in line with the veil lane of 173 pairs of two layers of veilments.
 the words " revital ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained in specially trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the non-political security guarantees, the debtor continues to be responsible for the maintenance of the debtors and maintenance responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in the area of mutual legal assistance, will be open in future.
 however, in the case of urgent need, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity of the vicinity, the explosions occurred in the vicinity, but did not cause casualties.
 the council also began a new " mixed-win " conference, which is open to open private meetings.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the 8 section of the document did not mention the office.
 according to the secretary for constitutional affairs, it is certain that some things are unable to do so.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies would still have to be filled, and the meeting suspended on the same day.
 the carpark, adjacent to the centre, will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients portfolios remained stable, significantly better than the performance of the company's industrial index.
 many people have been able to enjoy the convenience of money, but pay for a large amount of card debt.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee's visit to japan's 8 world muscles to japan to participate in the 8 world muscles.
 the 3 ldcs will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of a part of the development plan of the ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat would need to fully participate fully in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we fully appreciate the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 small seventy is well-known, and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of the girl friends.
 mr cheung said the " safety of occupational safety " in hong kong is a keynote speech to the occupational safety and health management of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you one thing, it is especially important to find you.
 the new hong kong new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the economy, a large amount of money can be obtained from a large amount of money.
 with regard to the content of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the bill has been too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we have to uphold the rule of law, as we want to safeguard the rule of law.
 the percentage of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states will need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author does not oppose the promotion of employment at the grass-roots level.
 at the age of 50 and more than 50 years, he was found to be the change in its personality.
 the israeli occupying forces were also destroyed in the vicinity of the village and the destruction of houses, and burnt of another.
 all those involved should be invited to consult doctors in order to avoid diagnosis and governance.
 prostitution refers to the use of a child prostitution in order to obtain or facilitate the use of the use of children.
 this is not true.
 meanwhile, the value of orders-on-hand in the metal products industry increased further by the year-on-year increase in the value of orders.
 it is equally important for african countries to face a serious external debt problem, and the amount of debts accounted for 1<unk>3 of those export earnings.
 after more than a few hours of debate and we have taken into consideration, we are now moving back to the earliest point.
 the economic and social council has 14matic panels and members of the council, as well as representatives of national representatives.
 there are also a more in-depth tactical training of tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace north-south cooperation and should be viewed as a matter of urgency.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and the traditional structure of the family is changing.
 in order to ensure the quality of the chinese language textbooks, the administration has established a chinese language textbooks committee.
 another argument is the best use of business. "
 some were said to have been injured in some of them.
 while his delegation appreciated the leadership role of unctad in the field, the panel has not provided solutions to a number of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, in order to make these policies effective, health and management, such as education, health and management, etc.
 however, the authorities reportedly denied that this person had been transferred to the hospital authority and then no further information on the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, the campaign campaigns should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000.
 i would like to imagine that sun yu's road has come to count on numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) of the commission of small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) were submitted to the chief executive in this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases from tuesday 20 november 2001 sydney, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of history, the vast majority of the new territories in the new territories are subject to control.
 we welcome partnerships, " the spokesman said.
 to make it clear about " love you " don't ". "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to be blamed for the purpose of a sexual violence or the people of the local people.
 please go to new zealand's series of five new zealanders in new zealand.
 the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) were included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15.
 the national television broadcast on this seminar helped to raise the awareness of the public awareness about this issue.
 if one person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, it is no right to receive a pension.
 in general, this information will not be disclosed.
 he ching ming-ming and has always been committed to success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent authorities to review the highest international standards on the basis of the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will provide a suitable job and help to assist non-resident graduates, " the spokesman added.
 in china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, it is expected that two companies are expected to have a substantial increase in communications.
 recently, a scholar from the mainland, who came from the mainland in hong kong, visited academics in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has set checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then cut off his hand, the security of several thousand people will also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating their attention to the attention of the provisional institutions of self-government.
 markni has been the headquarters of the ruf.
 the " taipei dignity " signboards " is now on the entrance of the new painting room.
 the name said: " by the name of a person, " said the name of a manoeuvo and barracks are totally unfounded.
 born in new zealand, new zealand, rice's specialist republic, was born in new zealand, canberra university and the australian national university.
 in the traditional market, the two chickens have been attacked each other.
 details of the scheme, in both english and english, will be put up at the notice of the proposal for public inspection.
 because the dpp has opened a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimant offered export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends that the accuracy of the requirements of the estimated requirements are accuracy.
 according to the health organization act, the owner of estonia has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most feasible basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the economic scholars of the world bank of bangkok, saying: " nobody knows the cost of the cost. "
 the zhou en enlarging of this section has been published by the red zhou enlazian people's publishing book.
 madam president, the secretary for today's grand secretary is to " diet ", and we do not have to do so.
 perhaps, i might say some comparison with the atmosphere.
 the annex contained in the annex to the statement of the government of japan referred to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the audience's reaction was very enthusiastic.
 i can also quote some examples that some of the chronic diseases of the hospital authority have taken place in the hospital authority.
 the approval of the approved plan was necessary to reflect the latest development proposals in the kowloon hang up of the kowloon.
 actually, i have all arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of the more sensitive to gender issues in the 2001 national census and statistics department.
 she has a maximum of precious integrity and enjoy all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will participate in the programmes involved, from prevention and prosecutions involved.
 with respect to the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, reports would be referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in most cases, 100 fighters of arms ammunition can be made available at approximately 15000 per hour.
 2, the reduction of tensions in the situation.
 let us first take action on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded his daughter to his family.
 in addition, there is no cash in cash for the current peacekeeping period.
 my delegation also thanked the secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 the increase in foreign investment in developing countries is likely to cause financial instability.
 an international seminar on an international seminar was organized on 24 june 1998 and the government of the czech republic was jointly organized.
 as the transaction relates to the transfer of banking licences, the total number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved over the past 5 years or not have been achieved over the past 5 years.
 hiv <unk> aids has been suffering from the sufferings of children and orphans.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello suggested a general strengthening of the efficiency of civilian police handling the efficiency of the civilian police process.
 our assessment is that the conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia does not exist.
 the number of young people accounted for 19 per cent of africa's population growth, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong and some have developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea, korea and india.
 the united states has to spend more than 10,000 hours to look at 155 advertisements.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the iraqi humanitarian situation is in mind.
 this is the subject of a wide range of topics.
 the office of internal oversight services requested the ministry of disarmament to help put forward a financial commitment to the new development of member states.
 our financial position is lucky than the united kingdom, and it is absolutely necessary to do so.
 at the end of 2004, la laden has been last seen at the end of 2004, but his deputy, in al-qaeda.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the state institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a " study of the government's reduction programme (the working group) of the government, chaired by mr tam yiu-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter, " the spokesman said.
 the day before the performance of the people's music scholar, hu was able to watch the " simpler " of the musician state.
 the gross surplus of the business sector was 17.2%, compared with in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are in the lead position, and children need to take care of the needs of the child.
 the civilian population of the bosnian serb force of civilian populations in civilian populations and civilian populations have been evolving.
 a spokesman for the department said that 5400 2424 visits were successfully completed and the overall response rate was 90%.
 the chickens are transported to the market before they have been tested and test tested, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long, with an extension of 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in family service work are girls.
 therefore, the institute has developed a number of measures to ensure that women prisoners needs to be met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1-minute visit to liu ming-ming is also because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china and other places which will affect china's northwest china.
 this section recalls the reasons why the right to food may be the cause of the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, buo-chu is a whiteball ball.
 criminal law and criminal proceedings have been modified to enhance the legal system of criminal law.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be able to facilitate compliance with the provisions of the imposition of an appropriate legal sanctions against any person who is required.
 the government and the business community has embarked on a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces were too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 at the dinner of the dinner, hong kong ballet participated in the tours of the guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mr lee li-li, said at the opening ceremony, " hong kong is a society.
 on 30 may, a new battle broke out in the province of the taliban and the taliban in the north-west of badjis province.
 the volume of data on the computer systems and the number of searches are also easy, and also triggered by a number of major issues.
 this document will be issued by a member of asean regional forums in asean, indicating that significant developments in the security situation were in place.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods had been handed over to the same day, but it has repeatedly been delayed.
 " it will be necessary to implement the mpf system as a whole, " the spokesman added.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle was replaced by the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they are often viewed as the enemies of the people, such as the enemy and the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of hong kong's perfect transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of the troop-contributing countries is an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry for my voters.
 through this election, china has to ensure that hong kong is an exemplary of assets.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to make use of this procedure, they did not use it.
 but as a result of the strategy, i don't want to go to the new field, but not to go to new areas, " he added.
 the assessment results will be issued in july.
 johnson's face in the face of the 1940s in the 1940s.
 however, the bill today has a lot of doubts about the bill, which will be implemented within this council during the transition period.
 he was arrested by the new zealand via los angeles from new zealand via los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the briefing on 2002 and future hong kong's economic outlook.
 economic also highly dependents on energy resources, especially natural gas and production.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics had not been able to reflect the size of the problem.
 therefore, we need different types of bricks in different parts of the world.
 since 1978, after china's implementation of economic reforms in 1978, the exchange rate regimes for foreign exchange reserves can be changed.
 in the context of shanghai the forum has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to make sure that cannabis and cannabis is extremely bad, " the spokesman added.
 part of the results are, except for religious books, research, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading.
 the total value of this year's total income was $ 102222, and $ 8 250000 in previous year.
 such provisions should be made to apply, and to discuss with the chinese side.
 non- currencies other currencies in other currencies have been exchanged for other currencies of the united nations operational exchange rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 we have also ranked 2, " the spokesman added.
 in the wake of the incident, i know the strong dissatisfaction with respect to the relevant parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the plans to reflect the new land uses for the north-east lantau port, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations to cease bilateral negotiations.
 to this end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions as a legal obligation to pay and without any legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind live in fear of a continuous nuclear danger.
 he said that as a result of these problems, a prime minister for the first cabinet was established as a cabinet of the first cabinet.
 in everything they have been prepared in order to take place in 2003, the longer the period 2003-04 will take place.
 there are no other groups that are in the case of any other group.
 the conduct of acts of behaviour is similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 <unk> 2 <unk> a summary of the important accounting policy of these financial statements is a summary of the financial statements.
 in the south of yunnan, there will be heavy rain in some parts of the west-west west.
 on behalf of the people of the comoros and people of the comoros, i would like to express condolences to the family members of the comoros.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan for the donor community to complete a plan for completion by the undp structure.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the delegations of the delegations of the republic, mali and ukraine as the vice-president of the republic of mali.
 ohchr will promote the development of strategies, plans, policy-related strategies, policies and operational centres.
 the vocational training council (united) is currently organized by the vocational training council for about 70 per week.
 after the culprits fled to the employer, the victim went to the employer to sleep.
 authorities have declared that today is a state of state.
 for example, in the 3 phase of their purchases, for example, it was late until it was late until 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has decreased by 30 per cent.
